“I know the whole hockey team”
“I’m a character and a half”
“Tri-Kap averted”
“I was very sober in my mind”
“I use pretty large words actually”
“Oh John, back at it again with the word skips” -Ben
“Do you guys know how many facts there are?”
Tries to open honey packet “I can’t open this, I’m fucking lame”
“I should be a ghost writer” -Johnny after rhyming the word “right” with “fight” in the meetings email
“Why is it pitch black outside?! It makes me so angry” - Johnny on nighttime
“I’m the bastion of going out”
“You guys should write a story about me”
“I’m definitely Genghis Kahn for sure”
“No one can out-trikap me”
“I am a meme at this point”
“There will be Johnny everywhere”
“I’m a very interesting person. I’m definitely not underrated”
“I love drinking in the basement”
“Ya boi is always right”
“We are smart boys. We are creators”
“Tony believe his words are more important than mine, but he’s wrong”
“Tony believes his essence is to copy my words”
“It’s like string cheese but vegetable style”  -Johnny on celery
“The words are the best with me”
“I am the most drunkard”
“I’m not drunk, I just sound drunk”
“I would love to see you” -Johnny to Vamsi late night over text
“We have become the TDX of pong! YES! I AM A TDX!”
“I’m going to lose this book but I want to remember this in 100 years”
“I’ve been having a stroke for the last three years”
“I have enough social capital to survive that” -Johnny after quoting Apex in a Jamaican accent in Foco
“Also you should straddle me” -Johnny to Vamsi
“I have the fastest fingers in the house”
“I’M A MOTHERFUCKIN HOME G”
*to Annett* “I really respect you hanging out with Tri-Kaps”
“John Yeet Manuels”
“I probably should have peaked in high school”
“I am never bad at something”
“My guilty pleasure is going to the car wash”
“My legs would be legit incorrect without hair”
“I am hype music”
*explaining why he doesn’t need to wash tomatoes* “No I don’t. I’m a fun guy”
“I need something very cold and pretty lit” -post hike after a smoothie
“Bro would you leave the house naked? You’ve gotta dress your eggs” - Max pouring olive oil on scrambled eggs
“It’s a one way ratchet. Gotta buy more puts”
“Alcohol is so bad for you”
“I fought the fed and the fed won, print me some money cause I have none”
“So blessed”
*italian accent* “Tony, nobody’s hitting my fucking bids!!!”
“Nah I’m not a day trader”
“You know what they say, ‘The bears make money, the bulls make money, the pigs get slaughtered’”
“Maybe the eggs are a condiment for the olive oil. Maybe we’re thinking about it the wrong way”
“The Fed isn’t the only one with a printing press”
“My net worth in 9 months is either 2 commas or 2 figures”
“The big short is about three finance guys who all put pieces of the puzzle together to predict a recession. This is about 1 unemployed, crazy guy with 4 apostles who blindly follow him” - Steve on Max
“boomermegalodon is upon us”
“I have a decorative shoe rack at home, al the shoes are fake”
“Just numbers on a screen”
“I’m printing money”
“Grace do you have your Juul? If the market crashes I’m gonna nic out”
“HYG is the crack hoe of fixed income ETFs”
“Two pastries walk into a bar. They start eyeing each other, getting aggressive. One says ‘Hey, what are you looking at?’ And the other one said ‘muffin’”
“We went through that bottle of olive oil in like a day. That’s fucked up, dog”
“It’s hard for me to conceptualize carbs”
“I am aroused” - Max alone in the kitchen as he reverse sears steaks
“What do we love to see baby” grace: “red candle sticks” “that’s right, red candle sticks”
“I just day traded for 50 times eleven cents”
“Stonks. Time to do a little day trading? Tony what do you think?”
“Would you leave the house naked you’ve got to dress your olive oil”
“Da market go up da market go down”
“The market is down, that should be illegal”
“Cocaine membrane” - Max on broccoli
“I got such a sugar high from that rice”
“Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? Your own weakness”
“I was a little worried about all that bread, like I was planning on driving. Bread’s a killer”
“Gold is the tortoise, SPY is the hare”